# Visual Information in Coordination: Code to accompany Romero & Paxton (2021, in preparation)

This repository includes the code for the Stage 2 Registered Report, "Visual Information and 
Communication Context as Modulators of Interpersonal Coordination in Face-to-Face and 
Videoconference-Based Interactions" (Romero & Paxton, 2021, in preparation).

## Overview

In this respository, you'll find the following:

* `figures/`: A directory of figures generated by the code. Includes figures presented in our
  manuscript and supplementary figures.
* `scripts/`: A directory of code associated with the project.
  * `scripts/02-data_processing/`: A directory of scripts for data processing. Includes code for extracting
    movement from video.
  * `scripts/03-data_analysis/`: A directory of scripts for data analysis. Includes code for running CRQA
    (cross-recurrence quantification analysis), plotting the data, and running the statistical
    analyses.
  * `scripts/04-robustness/`: A directory of scripts to compare the different CRQA results based on the
    three sets of phase-space reconstruction (PSR) parameters that we tested.
  * `scripts/05-baselines/`: A directory of scripts to compare observed CRQA results against what
    we would have expected to see by chance.
* `tables/`: A directory of tables generated by the code. Includes tables in HTML and PNG.

To run the code in this directory, you will need to download the project data (linked below).

## Related materials

Data and materials for the project can be found on OSF: https://osf.io/47jek/. (For ease of
access, this GitHub repository has also been linked to the OSF project.)
